Documentation for dso.docker.com (#15540)
docker/docker.github.io: atomist/integrate/github.md

---
title: Integrate with GitHub
description:
keywords:
---

{% include atomist/disclaimer.md %}

When installed for a GitHub organization, the Atomist GitHub app links
repository activity to images. This linking enables Atomist link image tags and
digests directly to specific commits in the source repository. It also opens up
the possibility to incorporate image analysis in your Git workflow. For example,
by adding analysis checks to pull request, or automatically raising pull
requests for updating and pinning base image versions.

Install the GitHub app in the organization that contains the source code
repositories for your Docker images.

## Connect to GitHub

1. Go to <https://dso.docker.com/> and sign in using your Docker ID.
2. Open the **Repositories** tab.

> 3. Select **Connect to GitHub** and follow the authorization flow. You will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Connect to GitHub** and follow the authorization flow. This
```

>    installing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   installs the
```

>    [Atomist GitHub App](https://github.com/apps/atomist "Atomist GitHub App").

Reviewer: This screenshot is quite large!

   ![install the GitHub app](images/gh-install.png){: width="700px" }

4. Install the app.

   > If your GitHub account is a member of one or more organizations, GitHub
   > prompts you to choose which account to install the app into. Select the
   > account that contains the source repositories for your images.

   After installing the app, GitHub redirects you back to Atomist.

5. In the repository selection menu, select what repositories you want Atomist
   to start watching.

   ![activate repositories](images/activate-repos.png){: width="700px" }

   If you are just looking to evaluate Atomist, start by selecting a few
   repositories during evaluation. Once you are comfortable using Atomist, you
   can switch on the integration for all repositories. Selecting **All
   repositories** also includes any repository created in the future.

   > **Important**
   >
   > If Atomist detects `FROM` commands in Dockerfiles in the selected
   > repositories, it will begin raising automated pull requests. The pull
   > requests will update the Dockerfile `FROM`-line to specify the image

>    > versions (as digests). {: .important }

Reviewer: Call out is broken- showing blue instead of orange

6. Select **Save selection**.

> Atomist is now connected with your GitHub repositories and will be able to link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atomist is now connected with your GitHub repositories and is able to link
```

---
title: Connect to GitHub
description:
keywords:
---

{% include atomist/disclaimer.md %}

> When installed for a GitHub organization, the Atomist GitHub app links

Reviewer 2: I wonder if its worth a few more lines talking about what features this enables.

repository activity to container images.

Install the GitHub app in the organization that contains the source code
repositories for your Docker images.

## Connect to GitHub

> 1. Go to <https://dso.docker.com/> and sign in using your Docker ID.

Reviewer 2: If someone has already added atomist to a github organisation but not in this team then the flow is slightly different and we will allow them to select it directly on this page (indeed we actually  can't send them via github due to the way the github app works). I don't know whether or not this is worth documenting here but it has been a persistent source of confusion and UI pain when it comes up. Mostly it seems to be an issue for internal users who are likely to have a number of teams.

Author: I would suggest that we leave this for now and revisit this later if it does come up as a nuisance in customer feedback
